Assignment Submission
=====================

Welcome to CHEM 4803DR/8843DR, Python for Data Science! 

Since one of the major goals of this course is to introduce best practices in
social coding and software development, we will utilize the `git` version
control software, together with this GitHub repository, to organize and
streamline the submission of all out-of-class assignments.  This way, everyone
gets practice working in a collaborative environment, all while learning about
scientific computing, numerical linear algebra, databases, and machine
learning!

Throughout this course, we will utilize a combination of the
[forking](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/forking-workflow)
and [feature-branch](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) workflows,
where each member of the class will work exclusively from their own fork,
instead of directly from the central repository.  This is the standard workflow
for many open-source and collaborative software projects, and can be used
successfully by large teams of developers simultaneously working on the same
code from around the world.  

Once the assignment is completed, the relevant scripts/files associated with
the assignment should be submitted by [opening a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)
from your fork to the central `chem/F19-4803DR-8843DR` repository. When
creating this pull request, the following template will appear for the pull
request description:

```
## Description
Provide a brief description of the PR here.  At a minimum, this section
should describe what assignment is being submitted.

## Journal Entry 
If the assignment calls for a journal entry, please place it here.

## Questions
If you have any questions for the instructors/TA, please list them here.

- [ ] Question1
```

You should fill in this template by placing a short description of your
assignment submission in the `Description` section, and if the assignment
includes a journal entry, you should also fill out the  `Journal Entry`
section.  Additionally, if you are confused about anything, you can pose
questions in the `Questions` section.  Once the assignment has been submitted
by opening your PR, one or more of the instructor(s)/TA will review your
assignment, answer any questions, and provide general feedback regarding your
assignment submission.  This feedback is intended to help you improve, and
won't count against your completion of the assignment -- but it will provide
you the chance to improve your grade for the assignment by participating in
this code review process.

Good luck & happy coding!

